NGINX Plus Release 34 (#343)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx/deployment-guides/single-sign-on/oidc-njs/auth0.md

> ---
> description: Learn how to enable single sign-on (SSO) with [Auth0](https://auth0.com/)
>   for applications proxied by F5 NGINX Plus.
> docs: DOCS-884
> doctypes:
> - tutorial
> tags:
> - docs
> title: Single Sign-On With Auth0 and njs
> toc: false
> weight: 100
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
description: Learn how to enable single sign-on (SSO) with [Auth0](https://auth0.com/)
  for applications proxied by F5 NGINX Plus.
docs: DOCS-884
type:
- tutorial
title: Single Sign-On With Auth0 and njs
toc: false
weight: 100
product: NGINX-PLUS
---
```
